she 's all right today I'll tell her
you a little bit of my story with the
dukan diet I know many people
thought it would be a short time were
a little lost because you know but already
I do kind of face long time with that
60 days challenge with dani now january
so I'll try to summarize everything for you
explain to make you well informed
understanding everything that happened
holzapfel had I seen myself quoted with the
my weight had never seen that weight
I was a bit scared on the scale.
was weighing 85 cc gram and decided
make food education
I still did not know the dukan diet
farm education to release a week
in this picture that they think I
I lost a lot of liquid and in the
other areas although it is difficult here and
made me motivated because I thought I was
losing a little the thing looked like pounds
in the month of June plus four pounds
in one week and three weeks first
He won but finally I did my own
other people who were in the
same way that I am the block would be a
personal diary where I could put
I was feeling that is
happening to see the other girls too
I was on this path but you can see
until today all this trash in my block is
all there from day one and all
information of this title vibrated speaking
what would it be to help motivate everything
I love you too, one month ago
that I received through the block
other girls also had a blog
It's the one I knew on the field day.
At the beginning it was well established that
this diet not 0 I and many people
Speak bad so I was not very resistant.
new things does not know is that PSDB
dukan diet and I was tough attacker
I was strolling in the mall
the bookstore read and it failed
slimming Dr. pierre dukan my
mother said ah you need so much about
this diet maybe you have not read the
Entire book is I bought the book
I started the law he one night I arrived
I called the house at one time and I stayed
the whole night awake Brazil the book
whole and now understands his book I
I was delighted then the other day I
I already got it already I bought the things to do
diet create a talking video that would
df start singing not superempolgado
I know everything I actually bought.
I started on July 19, 2003, in an instant
Educate people, I fell in love with the diet.
by the way it is done by the
the way we feed each other.
the options for all adaptations then
I just fell in love with the df
if ours is going to be something that I'm going to
go on for the rest of my life I never
I'm going to stop and I fell in love with
first sight the first beginning and I
I started the dukan diet weighing 80 kilos
And seven hundred is super happy.
I loved the results he was
motivated is soon to ask for serious pounds
another video for you is talking about how
I was feeling when I was
happy when she had was wonderful
Because this video I gave more I arrived
very close to the 30 pounds lost
I was ready to make a video
for you
showing that it is currently in Phase
consolidation I was super happy
flower talent in the form that the
people think when 2014 entered is
another illness only in my life when they are
Health I have between Ozzy I already said
For you and I have video recorded everything.
This what I'm telling you, I
I have videos recorded if you want
watch to understand better why I
I'll count on it, but if you
Wanna understand everything, give it to you.
follow up because I have the videos
speaking what alert
I did my first surgery of the year
it was already the third surgery I did
but the first of the year
I did the surgery had right support
I took the exchange undone after the surgery
he was a medic and this jury made
to get fat but even so I got fat
both were able to maintain this surgery
not help much I have feeling
I had a lot of pain and I had a hard time
to use a new treatment new
medicinal products and those
make a vote in August 2014 I did
My second is surgery was a
measure for the copies and and of the surgery
discovered several things is a surgery
that was just to take ozzy falcioni
and also that he had two benign tumors
is in the left ovary I found that
my troop was stuck I had
several references and I made seven
surgical procedures in a surgery
only I had actually I'm having a
recovery to date this surgery is well
complicated because after surgery I
I feel a lot of medications today.
much imaging and even a new medicine
different every day
This has made importing rely on
Godard and I liked the way I touched it.
causing gasps in the days after the
surgery was not for dieting
prissy but after this period
continued dukan diet but I was not just saying
it's good nothing because it was medicines
for you to have an idea is
because of this magic I had
is to take a medicine that lasted ten
days ten days I came back tenths
so it's a fan that it 's very complicated
very difficult period is I'm in
treatment but I was super happy
because at the end of the year as the doctor
removed the drugs that were before
know that it was going on that day
of the ladder princess because it is
I was going to start the book.
the beginning of the year without promises
sports medicine but still taking
other medicines
knowing that only psd slow because
so drugs that shape but not
Could you at least try to lose weight?
so I started to make the attack is
because I wanted to get the book right
I 'm very happy with my results.
and I'm very happy with what I already
I lost so far I have no plans is
future because I do not know how it's going to be
How am I still on treatment?
endometriosis tone is during 60 days
What were you doing during the challenge?
I had on the radio because almost a month
imagine then made your head too
medicine and beer, I think it got in the way.
a little weight loss you do not
we need to go back to the doctor because he has
been defeat tablet follow part of go
that's what I tried to be the soonest
I'll leave it here in the
information
The link that I told you about
follow you better
to understand what happened to me better
Good, as usual, do not forget that they are
I enjoyed helping videos of cassol for
people watch this video and
sign up here on the channel to receive
all the updates a kiss from
next such